Smart fools! Here lemme create some commotion!
Hey let me go!
Hey man, thought i'd show up with the right time machine! Where's Mîm is he done for?
We are here for Crimson.
Crimson's back there, he's all yours. (Pauses) Edward I don't know how to tell you this but, Mîm escaped...
What's this?
Boogers! This must be Mîm. He must have realligned the wormhole in ELEEH to... another place?
How? The CORE in ELEEH was destroyed, no new wormhole should have been able to be established!
You really think I'd make my time system this easy to take down? Did you? I have more tools in my shed of course, ignorant fools!
I want just Paul Clearman. (Turns to you) Just you!
If anyone follows after, Edward and Ms. Eleanor will both be dead to you!
Be careful...
Mîm is back there, I could not stop him. I am at an end, so it has to end for him here as well!
I will, I must hurry!
Wait. You have to find the strength, that I could not in my age. I know you can do it, I can.
Sir?
Maybe to prevent the Gold Timeline from ever happening!
This can wait, let's...
(Pulls away his covered face)...
No.
...
Interesting place is it not? Crimsons personal fortress, which Edward unwittingly helped destroy, by protecting Lord Dun. Before he even knew who Crimson was.
Interesting place is it not? Crimsons personal fortress, which Edward unwittingly helped destroy, by protecting Lord Dun. Before he even knew who Crimson was.
Smells like sulfur here...
I see your scientist side has not died entirely. Indeed we are at the sulfur mines of Meus Tebron. I have invited you to this special moment in time and space. At this very moment Crimson is battling the hero Lord Dun, up there on the fortress behind me. And a younger version of me observing them, for the fun of course.
So what's the deal here?
A fitting place to end this, where fates meet and get completed.
Enough blabbering, you want to fight come on!
Don't try your guns on me. They will not work. Here take one of these flash sabers.
Don't try your guns on me. They will not work. Use your sword! Oh noble knight!
(Gasps) Not bad! Alas you guys are still just a lesser instance of your initial selves. I am surprised Edward actually managed to invent something as complex and elegant as these flash sabers, given how dull and crude he is with the rest of his work!
...
(Proud) What do you think? That stupid trickster had such ingenuity? He could have stolen this design from you in some other timeline and just went with it. No wonder, you fall for his lies all the time anyway...
Don't waste your breath with so many useless words!
Rrrrgh.
You don't have to be our enemy! You can change that!
You know I hated your bloated Ego for so long. What makes you so full of yourself to think that I should change? And all your so called friends cherrish you, go make your own cult of Paul Clearman fans! Why do you treat them so much like trash? Me included? What have I done to earn this emnity?
Has all sanity left you completely?
This is not the first time I dealt with you, nor the last. How many times I changed your timeline and future, I do it for fun, that is the most sane thing to do in this world! And almost exiling Edward that one time to Doggerland... I thought this at least got into your microbrain by now! You haven't even been aware of it till now, the fun in seeing your oblivious stupidity.
Timeline... Like that time at Cape Dun? 1989, kraken base?
(Pauses)... how do you remember this? You can't, Crimson must have spilled the beans to you... Yes I told him his past timeline shenanigans. You really think you can jab at me like that you are such a pathetic trickster!
Calm down!
...Enough! Fight me, it is useless trying to change my mind with your empty platitudes! 
Aaaargghhh! Fine, let's make this game more interesting then!
You are in for a little humiliation! So that you can see, that you are no match for my brains!
Truly you have a dizzing intellect!
(Grins) See for yourself. Edward lies down there on the rocks, Ms. Eleanor on the other side of this installation.
Ah ah, you can only save one of them. I timed all of this right.
Soon Crimson will lose the battle with Lord Dun, he will fall and drop into the abyss, he will escape in an emergency time jump, but the volcano will errupt from the effect wave.
I hate Crimsons guts more than you, though he was at least fun to be around.
Time is running out... Pick your choice! Ms. Eleanor or Edward! But before you decide...
I will not play your game Mîm!
I think you will! (Looks behind you) What are you doing here! 
Get out of the way Mîm and be silent! Enough time has been wasted playing your game!
You are really that acinine and stupid? Now she will die! Now you will suffer the consequences!
Keep your forked tongue behind your filthy mouth where it belongs.
(Grumbles) Fine, here is a piece of me.
Argghh, my mask. You utter piece of...
You two are so pathetic. Prepare to die!
I will throw her in myself just to make sure! If I cannot have her, neither will you!
I... I can't move! Go away from her you maniac!
Hahahaha! UEGHH! Uuugh.
Ahhhhhrgggg...!
Struck by lightning, good riddance indeed!
Go take Edward now! He just below there, use the rocks besides the platform to climb down! No Time!
It's me Ms. Eleanor! I came across time, to rescue you.
... (Caughs) Where am I? 
Surprise attack!
Say goodbye to her! Good riddance Hahahaaa! ... See me rise into the clouds hahaha!
Luke...