Well here you are, let's meet at midnight though.
Here you are! Hmm... listen to the sound of the ocean, on a blue night. Hmm... (pauses) Why were we here? Ah yes the ship. Where do we look for it. And why at midnight?
Bernd said it would appear here at midnight.
(Sighs) Sorry? What will appear? The ghost ship, yeah... where is it?
... Oh... Spooky... Buddy, this is something special, get the car, let's land on it.
See that landing sign? The front deck. Land on it!
Alright! ...
Edward, where are we?
I don't know, this looks like a different planet. Jupiter maybe?
Edward.
Yes?
Why are we on Jupiter?
Man, you do ask strange questions... The better question should be, how come we can breathe, or how the ship is able to levitate in the middle of a gigantic storm!
Hmm, questions... And no answer.
I might get something out of this place, lemme pull out my dimensional reader.
I build this from scrap parts of the agents time machines. Got to use them for something after all. It can tap into the time frequency and also give a precise location, in theory...
Lemme just turn this on...
Well, that happened.
I actually time travelled! Into an earlier version of this ship! Right into a heap of time agents!
Time agents?!
It was them for sure, same old bad clothing choice and rough talk...
We took care of their time machines, didn't we?
Hmm so if those were really time agents, but a prior version, before they were able to use any time travel technology. That must mean...
Yes? What about it?
If the time agents can't time travel in the 80s, that must make them.
...
Agents.
Great conclusion Edd.
I know! Isn't that incredible! This device phases you in and out in between these two states it seems. We could sneak into that ship that way, avoiding obstacles, to get the Core's data!
Give me that device. I'll go get the information.
Great idea! Here! The Core on the ship right here will likely not be functional. This ship doesn't look very functional to begin with, with the slight exception of being able to teleport and fly. Figure out what is going on with this ship, then we see how to get out of here. I'd suggest you spawn inside the ship. The deck is full of agents.
Yes Sir Agent! Sir! The old inventor was seen right here!
Search the deck, he must be hiding behind a crate!
Janitor! Ring the Alarm!
Err.. hi?
What are you doing here?!
I am working, why are you breaking into my work place?!
Listen I need the information from this pc!
Wait, wait. So are you, from 300 BC? Was the mission a success? Or wait did this even create an entirely new timeline?
No I went back, and saved your older self!
Great! You managed to rescue me in the end! But well what are you doing here?
I was about to ask you the same.
Why?
Well who are you working for.
What? Mr. Crimson, err he said he was watching my endeavours for a long time. So he said I would be a great addition to his project.
Edward he is fooling you. That way...
What? What do you mean?
He is planning something terrible.
Oh yeah?
Basically some cataclysmic event in 1990.
Listen I don't know anything about any such thing!
First, he subjugated all of Pine Island.
...
This time around he blew it up!
....
And this time his evil AI has taken over.
... This can't be. But why would he be so keen on helping me, I mean as he put it, he provides me more of a launchpad for my inventions. What bad could come out of that?
To prevent you from being a good inventor Edward!
(Thinks and then sighs) You are my friend. I should trust you more than him. Alright, yes I will leave this position. Here take a look into the CORE since you came here for it to begin with.
Hey stay safe.
I will, I think I will get me some pizza after this...
No super microwaves please.
Sure! You can count on that!
Hey! You are finally awake? I guessed that when you rolled off the couch onto the floor a few minutes ago.
Edward, how come we are here?
I was about to ask you the same. Do you remember anything about the ghost ship?
You mean the one on Jupiter?
You do remember! Well i don't know how but there was a white flash, and then somehow I ended up here, and you as well, though unconscious.
The bang might have been my doing.
Looking back at it. I have no explanation what so ever, where we have been or how we came back, here. Almost as if someone put us back where we belonged to. Huh (Thinks).
Anyway, about the ship.
What was it for? Did you find that out?
So basically it was to relay data.
And?
It sent data to a secret base underneath Uroruh.
So the AI CORE must be underneath the island, as I thought!
The logs mentioned an entrance east of Fort Dun!
That is key info for our plan. East of Fort Dun! Good thing by the way, I have hiked alot in my past around the mountain site. I was in search of the Big Billy Monster back then... I better not relive these memories (Laughs uneasily).
You think we find out what happened to the ship?
What ever they were doing down there, it resulted in the ship getting these mysterious traits, and it exploded the entire west of the islands coast. Sad thing that we can't really dare to go back in order to scout the western area without raising the attention of crimson and his legion of agents. Well, and here we have the AI to combat, so what will we do? (Thinks).
What is our next course of actions?
We need to gain the trust of the locals here, we need any aid we can get in order to infiltrate this underground installation. (Looks at Jason)
... Hey guys do you have a minute?
What is it Jason?
Michael is going to have his birthday soon... Could you maybe think about something?
Awesome sure.
Oh and nevermind that robot on the table, we found it some time ago... it is not functional.
Alright.. awesome.
Talk to you later!
Well...
So.
What can we prepare for his birthday?
A birthday cake! We will make it something special!
Alright!
We need some ingredients from the past!
Lemme guess, I need to buy them.
Let us make a giant strawberry cake! I would need a cake mix pack, strawberries, a pallet of eggs and a jug of milk from the 6/12. And a mr. crafty... I think that should be available in the 6/12 as well, if my younger self of this timeline had the know how to make it. Oh and don't eat anything of it we will need it. I will give you the crafting recipe once ready...