Hoi.
Hoi there, I see we have a guest! Stranger what do they call you?
I am no one.
They call me Time Rider.
Strider...
No one you say? Well who ever thinks that... to us you are someone. Even nobodies get a place of welcome. I will call you FRIEND FROM AFAR. Enjoy the meal, EROMBUR is a mighty cook in every sense of the word (Nods at Erombur).
Time Rider, huh. I see that you ride the horse swifter than time I take it. Enjoy the meal, EROMBUR is a mighty cook in every sense of the word (Nods at Erombur).
Strider, well it's a name not many would carry with pride. But I see you took that name for not all that is gold does glitter. Enjoy the meal, EROMBUR is a mighty cook in every sense of the word (Nods at Erombur).
Thanks.
(Blushes) Where are my manners. I am Juraj Janosik. Call me Jano , I am headman of this company. 
Nice to meet you.
You already know EROMBUR.
Thanks for the bowl of Soup.
Next to you are seated twins, Hansel and Dengel. I am sure you will get to know them well enough, they are funny.
(Chuckle) Alright.
And lastly next to the twins, is the sage of our company. He has a pretty long name so we just call him the sage. He is the wisest in our company, so basically the real head here, so to speak. If you want to join us, you will have to prove that we can trust you... but more on that later.
Thanks for introducing me to your company.
Well guys what story will we have told today? (Looks at the others).
That was a good story, I love that one. I'd like to visit the southern island myself maybe...
...
Someone, it came from the south east.
One of us needs to scout out the direction it came from, in case someone might need our help!
... This would be the chance to prove your worth in this company. I trust that you will handle this task valiantly. 
Go, quick! If you get into trouble, hoot twice like a barn-owl and once like a screech-owl, and we will do what we can.
You are back?
There are GIANTS down there.
GIANTS?!
Yes!
As in big people? I heard about three giant ruffians prowling around, but them getting so close to fort dun? Bold fools. Go to fort dun and report to the lord immediately, we will lure them bandits to follow us to the forts caves. The fort is just to the west from here! You have proven your worth, but it is not over yet. Meanwhile we will prepare to capture these bandits if the lord responds.
Can I have this seat?
Thank you, cheers to you!
What is going on here... who is binding my men up?
Hey stranger... can you lend us a hand?
We are not the outlaws! They bound us!
(Pick the guards key)
, quick you push Erombur we pull! Push against him with all your strength!
I guess the guard will get a fair share of scolding after they find out. 
Alas, he wasn't that bad to us, compared to the rest.
, you lead on. Let's find a way out of here...
Let us use the ladder to get upstairs.
(Whispers) The ladder we need to take it! To the roof...
Great Job EROMBUR! Run for it friends! We meet back at the cave!
What will we do now?
Probably head off island somehow. I think if we made a boat and head for the island off the coast of Cape Dun.
That would have to happen quick!
Yes as they would no doubt be starting the search for us very soon! We need to leave this place and... Wait someone is coming!
... I wish to speak to you!
So what did you want to talk about Jano?
I wanted to thank you for everything. If you ever were to show by say in a year... since this lands are our own we would be able to establish a proper gold mine. You are always free to join in mining once we are established!
Hello... as you can see we established the mine as planned. Feel free to have your share in the spoils! Take a pickaxe and mine what you can.
How can I smelt the ore?
We don't have a smelter here, but I believe a smith might be able to melt it...