Hoi
I will tell one...
I will tell you the story of THE DARK SEA.
Our story takes place in the southern isles, miles from here near the island of Archos.
Back then and still now, it has been source of the best wine known on the sea.
It is on Mt. Archolos where the grapes flourished and aquired its special taste.
Our hero of this story began as a nobody and his life was mondane, until Redbeard came.
Redbeard... if you heard only half of that, what I heard, and I found out only very little, you would have heard of a captain of many fleets and wars, one who went through many adventures with his old friend, who died in battle.
And as chance took it, our hero was the son of Redbeards best friend. All was normal until one night, Redbeard woke our hero in a storm.
"We have to move now, there is no time for packing, the pirates are hunting for you", Redbeard said.
Truth be told the father of our protagonist had some quarels with the pirates, and they wanted to settle their anger on his son.
They made out at once, but in the storm their ship got surrounded by FIVE PIRATE SHIPS.
The pirates head captain was DIEGO. And he dared in this storm to board the ship of our friend. 
Before they could board the ship however, Redbeard aided quickly our protagonist to escape by jumping off the ship.
Any fate would have been better than to fall into the pirates hands.
And as fate willed it, the storm grew so strong, even though the lookouts saw it, it was already too late. The ships bound together, crashed against the rocks of a cliffy island!
Our hero woke up one a beach alone, but in the company of Diego, the pirate captain.
And this is where we will stop for now, we will continue soon again.
...Yes Hansel?
On it right away.
(Shouts) I will tell you how the story of the Dark Sea continues!
Last we left off when our hero got stranded by the beach, where we evidently fell into the hands of Diego.
... but Diego was indignent of our hero. He said: "I am dead anyways for having lost most of the fleet during the storm. Go, I have no reason to hunt you down anyway..."
"They will most likely take your friend to Groggy Bay. Don't try to rescue him. It is no such place for a youngster like you."
And so our young hero ventured to the nearby harbour of the island Khoruna called Coconut Bay.
Where he met a stranger named Eduardo, who was a local inventor. Together with Eduardo our hero devised a plan to rescue Redbeard from Groggy Bay.
Groggy Bay laid on a jungle island filled with ruins. Our hero had to go through alot of adventures till the two were able to get to Redbeard.
Redbeard was amazed and a bit angry for our hero to dare attempt to save him. Redbeard scolded Eduardo for indulging the boy into adventures.
Redbeard was not alone, for a princess of the continent kingdom of Lechwia was also inprisoned in the same cell with Redbeard.
Together they all escaped. Redbeard of the pirates plan to blow up the dorment volcano in Khoruna, there was little time to prepare...
...
(Whispers) Seems the guard dozed off...
I will tell you now how the story ends!
We left off when our hero was about to confront the pirate captain!
They fought! Because the pirates wanted to blow up the volcano, and cover Coconut Bay in molten lava!
Our hero and the pirate captain got seperated from the rest of the band.
Then our young hero got the higher ground and he said:
"IT IS OVER BADBEARD! I HAVE THE HIGHER GROUND"
But the pirate captain said:
"YOU UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF MY BEARRRD! ARRR!"
...for he had a magical beard of many ominous powers.
And the pirate captain jumped at our hero and knocked him out!
Our hero, at the last second managed to grab his sword as the pirate captain was lauching at him again.
And he stabbed him... the captain fell into the deep of the volcanos chamber.
The island was saved. The remaining pirates got put into prison. The princess returned with Redbeard back to the coast.
It would not be long after Redbeard wrote a letter that the princess got captured on the continent by the dark magician. 
Which incidentally is the grandfather of that crimson sourcerer sitting bound up in the corner!