We need to get him on a bed, can you place one here on the base!
We need to get him on a bed quick!
Yes quick!
Are you alright, I've counted us all and we seem to be all accounted for!
I am good thanks.
I think you should, check in on Luke, EE 77 will remove the chip from Edwards head.
...
Luke, we will find her!
We don't even know where Mîm went.
We will. I promise.
(Sighs) Well thanks for trying to cheer me up. Hey by the way. I don't remember that Ronald guy.
Who?
The big chunky guy walking about the base, first time I saw him!
Who are you?
Good Arvo my dude!
Yeah...
Ace! We made it out safe. Now I hope you don't mind me being a bludger for a bit and geting a shout! Ye?
What?
Don't be a whacka ya unit!
Hmm... G'Day Galah!
Arrrgh!
Edward are you... Are you, you?
Yeah, you?
Wha?
Nevermind... YOU SURE! My head is buzzing... you sure. I believe I am alright, you sure!?
What are you saying, you sure for?
You sure!?
Yes!
What? Anyway, I think some of the data, that I downloaded in DUUTU, might give us hints as to hacking and reprograming Mîm's robots... You sure!?
Yes...
This could give us the upper hand in finally creating an army. OH YOU SURE!!! 
[QUESTION] Am I needed?
You heap of scrap broke Edward's brain!
[CORRECTION] A predictable side effect, although only temporary. Edwad's speech will be corrected in time. His brain is healing from the incision. You should help your friend now, to get up.
So...
Let me get up, YOU SURE?!
Friends! May I have your attention! Surely!
You may think this undertaking was a loss in some ways. That is ASSURED!!
Yes! We were not able to save everyone, and Mîm is still free.
His army is still growing and now his goal will be to eliminate us out of the picture.
But I have discovered in the data, from DUUTU that he has an even crazier plan in mind.
What?
YOU SURE?! He rebuilt the Crymson Pyradome. In it he has an experimental weapon!
It is something from the Gold Timeline... Potentially something that can destroy the entire universe!
Fred, take over for me real quick! I need to talk to you, YOU SURE!
Err... ok guys... ehm.
People, we will defeat him. All of humanity depends on us!
We cannot let him win...
I went through the info with Edward back in DUUTU, and I have concucted a little plan.
You sure!
What is it?
Mîm built a timeline warper, or at least he plans too. A device which, at least in his mind, will warp the timeline to his liking. That is why he was searching for the Meta key. He lost it during my first encounter with him, in the inbetween space. After you recovered it, he had a chance to make his plan into reality. We were playing into his hands...
Is that even possible?
Strictly speaking no. Choices are made by humans, technology cannot change the timeline. But the amount of energy produced might rip out the entire ape head cluster out of existence and it's closest neighbours like the milky way.
Why is he doing it.
I shouldn't have been so rash. Bringing the key to DUUTU was a bad idea. Now it is lost. Though I don't think he actually wants to destroy us all, I think he wants to return to... (Thinks).
Where to?
I just have theories. But I know someone, who could answer this question and many others. Where Mîm came from, what his motives are beyond seeming maniacal destruction of our world. We will have to free him from his prison!
Who, and where.
An old friend, I lost him long ago but I found his location in DUUTUS computer! He is a prisoner as well! The planet is ELEEH.
Great let's go there and get him!
ELEEH seems to be Mîms actual main base. I cannot tell, if he believes we died in DUUTUS destruction! I would not underestimate him, he might we waiting with the whole arsenal this time around. Not making the same mistake twice!
So what can we do?
We will create our own army of robots! And I already have an idea how we will pull this off! Give me a second! YOU SURE!
ARRRRRrrr...
What is going on here!
Edward completely lost his mind.
Guys that is no man!
That was one piece of work! I asked Fred to distract him for a reason... It's one of Mîms droids!
I knew it! The rubber skin, the awful australlian accent!
Just another of Mîms tricks to keep an eye on us.
And now I will take out his cpu and create a reverse engineer program.
This will enable us to take over his robots, which are controlled by military cores. They are spread across the stars.
Give me a second I will hand update your plc!
Now, be aware poeple. Mîm likely knows this place, he might try to retaliate and attack!
Let's take the battle to him with his own tools! You can always ask me as to the state of our readiness to take his main base on ELEEH! Before I let you go, I eh lost my saber back on DUUTU, you did not happen to take it with you, did you? You sure?
I have this strange feeling, as if this is not the first time, we were in this type of situation... with you guys.
I still need to digest all that happened! Give me time...
I have it, yes here!
Yes it should be somewhere around, lemme get it.
I am sorry Edward, I think it is lost for good.
Splendit! You always think of your friends!
Alright I can wait, thanks for thinking of it!
Well, no worries then, I will just make a new one!
Aye!
Now take on those military stations! Godspeed my friend and come back safe!