[ATTENTION] PRISONER L. DO NOT ATTEMPT CHIT CHAT WITH PRISONERS! 
WOAAAH! (Is thrown) Ouch! Arrgh! My head...
[EXCLAMATION] HAVE A NICE DAY PRISONER E.R.
Mmmhmhemm.
Hey Edward you alright?
No... I think I was interrogated, I think. He didn't even ask me any questions...
Well I guess we messed up.
I never expected this. (Sighs) We are completely outmatched, we can beat steel and circuits, but plasma based robots. That is something I could have never imagined him coming up with.
There has to be a way to beat them.
(Sighs) Maybe, oh and hey incredible how you went against the chips programing. Evidently the key was more important than just to unlock this base. No way of getting it back now...
I thought I was crazy for hearing voices in my head.
Since when did you have this voice in your head?
Ever since April 14th 1984...
The night we did the successful test of the time machine...
Luke told me there is no way out of here.
Luke is here? Good to know that they still seem alright. You really want to do it? (Sighs) I mean escape? I am aware of a parallel corridor running next to this one, maybe the air ducts connect to it.
I could try to get there.
Ask Luke he might know more about the layout.
---
What is the story with those blueprints?
(Pauses in thought, trying to chose the right words) They came from a time, where Manhofer never burned down. Underneath was developed the original Time Machine, a giant vertical shaft, where an object was to be accelerated down through the event horizon. Crimson stole the plans in that future.
So you did not invent the machine?
I did, cause it was me whom he stole it from. I don't know the details since all that we had were the plans, but Crimson then sent these plans in two parts back into the 70s, guarded by two agents. I guess to buy him more time. You went after them and eventually got to one of the agents!
Me?
You, but older, also from that original future. I then happened upon a part of the plans. The time machine part.
What was the second part?
The second part was not as you might think a backup or second part of the time machine plans. Those were instructions for developing his AI technology and the AI Core Pyramid. The same AI that Mîm is currently using to build his empire!
---
He is a genius of course (nods).
Just watch out for these plasma bots, epa's may knock them out for a while, but they seem indisructble for now...