 (Greetings!)
 (Greetings King!)
 (Haha, you may call me Ragnar. Why and whence have you come stranger?)
 (I come from afar.)
 (Ponders on these words)
  (Ponders on these words)(Fine, take a drink if you want. Would you like to join our colony here?)
 (Sure.)
 (Ask Edgar, he needs help in hunting chasers, Father Preminius may have a task for you, and lastly...)
 (Yes?)
 (Defeat IGOR, in the ARENA! Edgars brother, in a one on one melee fight!)
 (You Helped Edgar hunt enough chaser meat. Very good, we can use a good Huntsman)
 (...You retrieved our supplies for medicine. I guess IGOR will finally be able to cure his headache)
 (...You defeated IGOR, very smart of you, the way you handled it)
 (...You need to prove your worth a little more, before I will make you one of us.)
 (Am I ready to join you?)
 (So..)
 (...YOU ARE ONE OF US. WELCOME! EVERYONE LET US HAVE A FEAST)
 (...I did it! I am part of The Vikings now!)
 (...Have a seat next to me, fellow VIKING)
 (TODAY WE CELEBRATE A NEW MEMBER OF OUR FELLOWSHIP)
 (LET US TOAST TO HIS HEALTH)
 (CHEEEERS!!)
 (What is it Ragnar?)
 (The Dragon...)
 (A DRAGON...)
 (Yes. We won't live here at peace until that dragon has been dealt with. If it weren't for him, we would likely settle here for good.)
 (Let's take him out then.)
 (You are truly brave. But we and what army? Unless, we would devise a trap, a plan to get rid of him... You could hatch something out with Edgar, he has the smarts even if he does not look like it.)
 (Onwards! FOLLOW ME!)
 (Silent and thoughtful and bold in strife the prince's bairn should be.)
 (Joyous and generous let each man show him until he shall suffer death.)
 (Hums to himself)
 (Falls Silent)
 (A coward believes he will ever live if he keep him safe from strife...)
 (but old age leaves him not long in peace though spears may spare his life.)
 (Igor, your helmet)
 (What now?)
 (I choose you brave viking. Sneak into the cave and steal something tangable of the gold. Then sneak back, punch it into the viking. The dragon will notice and devour the viking, then we will attack. Do not wake the beast, be sneaky.)
 (It better be worth it.)
 (It will, go now, we will get ready for the attack.)
 (Breathes fire)
 (You are victorious! The Dragon was defeated! Tales will be sung about this day in ages to come!)
 (What?)
 (Nevermind, I am alright!)
 (We will feast! Meet us back at the mead hall!)
 (Today we celebrate our victory!)
 (WE DRINK TO THE HEALTH OF THE SURVIVOR OF THE DRAGONS STOMACH!)
 (I AM RICH!)
 (NO ALL IS MINE!)
 (You are the lord of this place.)
 (Gold...)
 (There is enough...)
 (The gold has a curse on it.)
 (What do you want me to do then? Throw it into the sea? Have the fish have their share?)
 (Share it around the village)
 (Let... Everyone... get their... share! According to their, deeds. You are right. I am sorry.)
 (Forgive and forget)
 (I will give my apology to father preminius. I might even help in building a proper monastery for him.)
 (That sounds great!)
 (Thank you for everything. You are a good friend. Health to you, and your offspring!)
 (...You defeated IGOR, but when will you give him his helmet back?)