Hey, you are back?
Edward, am I glad to see you.
(Stares at you) I know... something is off.
Hey.
What do you mean?
This may sound very strange to you. But I remember that I... I died.
You can't fathom how happy... Why! You're alive!
My memory is very fragmented, but I remember... There seems to be more to it, is there?
You remember what happened?
I don't, not much at least. I need a little aid. It seems you know what I am talking about. Was it a dream?
(Tell him the entire story)
The alternate future, the agents and Crimson. So all has been reverted? I guess the timeline got reset to its former continuity. When I left the horizon of this plain, when I died. (Stumbles) I know that something happened afterwards, but it's as if it was erased from my memory. Ye...(Eats his pizza)
...
All has been saved, in the end, but this was not my doing. I let go of that idea, that I could have fixed it myself, I left it up to... (falls silent and looks up). I guess that is why this gift was granted.
I don't rightly understand.
(Cheers up) Everything is now as it was, everything! But I am changed, changed for good, for good... I am no longer the same.
Do you remember anything else? Afterwards?
Hmm, no, just that I ended up back in my shop. Why is that?
I remember waking at Manhofer labs!
Err, you mean in the 80s? The big one? Like back decades ago, when we made the machine in the beginning?!
The machine didn't work, the agents didn't attack.
This is interesting, what do you think? Was it a dream?
Why would this here, right now, not be a dream?
Well, I don't think so... (smirks) I feel pretty real.
Anyone can say that, in a dream.
(sighs) Whatever. Anyway, hmm there is one thing that is left for us do. We need to dismantle the machine.
Hmm...
As a remedy, for we have been given a chance. Let's do the right thing. Meet me back at the shop.
Hey there!
Before we begin the dismantling, I'd need your help in a different thing.
Yeah? What is it?
During the raid of our shop by the agents, some of my blueprints went missing. Probably scattered, since I managed to find three of them. I am missing about seven of them still... Can you help me? I don't want anyone finding the blueprints for a home made defense laser after all.
Ok I found the other blueprints!
At last, now I will be able to sleep more easily... Who knows what would have happened, had someone found these plans. Oh by the way there is a letter for you...
What?!
Yeah, here... (places it on the table)
What was in it?
(Shrug) Just weird rambling.
Are you ready to dismantle the machine? (Remembers something) By the way if you haven't yet, go to Luke he might need your help. It is important! In err, 2014, yes! Or later, depending on if you already talked to him. He's usually somewhere around the town center!
Yes, let's end this for good.
Check on Luke first, I believe he can get you something special from Cape Dun. We will speak again once you got that!
Well... This is it. The detonation should be safe, since the time core is in pieces now. I give you the honor. Then take cover.
Your broken chip leads to the year 9999.
Who told you to even try it out? I thought we agreed on getting rid of it all. No more adventures that might end in a disaster, right? (Sighs) Must be some kind of malfunction, impossible that this chip leads to that year. I tried.