Hey buddy!
Edward what is going on?!
Well this is a long story. But to tell you in quick, I am from the year 2023, me and my friends hoped we didn't need to pull you into this. Initially the plan was to destroy the time machine and handle the rest ourselves, but obviously things did not go as intended!
Why didn't you tell me? What is going on?
The reason why I could not tell you anything has specifically to do with the problem, of how things already went haywire when we split ways back in the 80s. See Crimson has made us an even bigger problem when we fought him during the Time Wars.
Time Wars?! What problem?
MIM...
Please elaborate MIM...
Up to now our adversary has been Crimson and his evil Time Agents! Some time during the events of our adventures Crimson tried to undo our ongoing victory against him. He decided it be best to just erradicate our continent of antillia and the surrounding seas, erradicating any chance of us existing in the future to foil his plans yet again! I know, I know, he could not have resulted a more ludicrous strategy!
You mean he wanted to blow up the continent?
Quite literally, in fact he tried it twice. Once before the discovery of this continent, but me and my friends here have found out about it before he could do any damage. Then, if you know your legends and history, when Lord Dun fought on the plains of Lechwia and great thundering ships were seen on the horizon, strange stonelike, mechanical creatures... That was not his figment of imagination.
Ok...
I was there to protect Lord Dun up to this point as Crimson wanted to eliminate him as well. In Crimson's timeline and in this current one. In both, with the help of this group, we fought Mim and Crimson in the 16th century. In the end we defeated Crimson although Mim remained.
What's the deal with Mim?
Some say he was a simple miner from the past or a mercenary, what matters is that Crimson accepted him into his ranks. What he hadn't considered is that Mim may have turned out to be too smart for his own good.
Ok go on.
He deserted Crimson, taking some of his time equipment. This is where we come in. Now Crimson has been stopped for good but Mîm started taking an interest into the inner workings of space and time. So he started spying on me and you, back in the 80s when we were testing our time machine. He used my research to create a space gate. With it he was able to set up base of operations somewhere in the ape head star cluster.
What?!
He stole some of our equipment, he obviously was up to no good and I knew that it was basically my fault to begin with that he was here. Stopping work on the time machine then and there would have done nothing in preventing all of this, so I had to engage him first. You remember these rifts in time? Well basically Mîm concucted a weapon capable of shooting space-time holes.
A space-time gun?!
During our fight, right before our time machine was successfully tested, I pushed him into one of these holes, which were caused by his gun. I thought that he was gone for good, but somehow he managed to get back! He survived the time reset at the end of our adventure, when I died! He still remembers everything as we do! Though his retained memory is more explicable than ours.
Continue...
I know in one timeline you came to me with the meta key, but has not happened in this course of events, which is why Fred requested the key. The key marks the location his base of operations, and it is supposed to be used as a pass code to get into his base... we think. Mîm lost it during my battle with him, when he got sucked into one of those fragments. (Pauses in thought) Now, I need to introduce you properly to our crew.
Alright!
Fred, you already know! As well as Cococrab man and his nephew!
Hello, hi!
EE77 here was a captured and reprogrammed bot from Mîm. With his help we were able to get some intell on Mims doings!
Okay.
There is another one called Nazono, he is currently not disposed. He is spying on a servant of Mîm.
Yes...
And our seventh member is missing, he couldn't bother to show up as usual. It's the burger head guy, never mind him...
Ok...
And now you are our eigth member. Again sorry that I kept this from you.
You could have just told me.
I, I don't know, it's complicated. I was afraid I messed too much with how things were supposed to play out already, and again this just shows how convoluted everything gets due to me simply having invented something as simple as a time machine!
So to sum up what is the situation?
Crimson was defeated, we don't know where he is or how he got defeated this time around. Now all that's left is Mîm, who's back from the turmoil of our time adventures. His motives might be unclear but his means are not good. Have you got the blueprint for the safehouse chip yet?
I don't have the chip plans!
Ok here you go! I guess you must have not helped me in finding all blueprints back in the 21st century but that is fine! Here, make it and meet me there!
I've got the chip plans!
Alright then get everything ready we will meet you there! If by chance you land in 4000BC for some reason, take the chip out and back in. That should make it work. Meet you there!
There?
The safe house dimension of course! The one I made!
Oh?
We will be waiting for you there! 
Aight see you there!
Alright guys let's take back our safe house!