And how can I help you?
I am here for the interview with Radio Fred.
Ah yes! Luke told me you would come! Head up the stairs and into the elevator! Good luck!
(Smiles) We meet at last. Luke told me about the way you helped him find that lost flower! My name is Fred, named after my great great great great...
Yes, nice to meet you.
Take a seat, let's start the talk show. The radio station will just replay recorded tapes while this is going on.
Ready?
Take a seat please!
Aye!
I will pre record and mix this down. And we are live in 3, 2, 1... This is Fred Radio, your best music aged well like manure.
...
History is a topic of many mysteries. I have an expert on historic events with me...
Glad to be here!
---
---
Now let us take a deep dive into the past. Tell us mister, I heard of your escapades in finding a seemingly lost flower called the Eleanor, I assume your knowledge of the lost is quite extensive.
You'd be correct to assume that!
////
Can we continue?
Come back once you found out more about Clint Westwood!
Tell me, I've been recently interested in the adventures of Clint Westwood and how he beat up 20 bandits single handed. I always wondered if that was indeed a true story or just heresay.
I actually don't know that much about that.
(Stops he recording) Then come back once you got something! You can read about it in the Pine Lake Archives, I can't have a know nothing on my show!
It is not a myth, he was a skilled fighter!
I could not imagine how this might have went down. I mean, personally I'd hardly win in a 1v1 against an attacker, but 20? What a chad.
He had, very quick reflexes.
Yes... Let's jump to the 1920s, prohibition, a sad time no doubt. If you remember one of the crimson members was caught on Rover Damm! The cause of the arrest was left redacted, but I am sure you could shed some light on this.
I wish I knew...
Come back once you find out more, there should be a 1920s cold case in the old Pine Lake Archives.
They wanted to bomb Pine Lake!
You're kidding! Glad none of them came into power am I right? I mean what do you think might have happened if one of them became mayor. He'd turn the entire island into a dystopian nightmare no doubt. Good thing young Mr. Crimson was as much a letdown to his family legacy as he is. I mean I say young, he's in his early 60s now!
Yeah... imagine that.
Anyway now I am sure you have heard of the illusive COCO CRAB MAN. Now I don't want to draw connections but do you know about the Dude?
Don't know...
Find out more about that dude! His mansion stands to this day at Ravenholly, north part of Pine Lake. He lived there in the 50s!
So about the dude, what do you think?
Both liked Coco Crabs!
You think they may be related?
Most definitely!
Haha! Now let's hear some tune, aged like fine manure! We will be back with you, with a follow up! (Pauses) And now back with our guest, we were talking about historical mysteries!
Glad to be on board!
Let's talk some more about Mr. Crimson. Tell me what would have been if he had become mayor.
You ask strange questions my man.
Hey. It's what I do.
I don't know about Crimson.
Then you should help out your buddy Edward a bit more. No more questions, go and come back once you helped him out.
Turn the island into a smoggy prison he could!
No doubt.
Or blow up the island and have an evil AI overtake it!
Yes... Luckily all we got was bridge town. And this beautiful office that I have, looking over all you peasan... (Coughs). Now let us shift our topic onto strange sightings in the past. What do you think? Was the Burger Man an actual person?
The who?
The urban legends book! Get it read up about him. The burger head guy!
I heard he could do rocket jumps!
Back then? He must have had some... sophisticated form of technology.
Yeah!
Well that was an interesting ride, we will definitely continue our talk in a future episode of LOST MYSTERIES!
Thats it I guess, that was cool!
Yeah thanks! Let's have a talk on the balcony.
(Looks to the city on the horizon) St. André, pretty dark hole. 
I am sorry for not having been all truthful with you. But after this interview I think I am able to speak openly now! You are a time traveler, of course. And you are the right version of, yourself. In fact that is why I asked you these questions in the first place, however it will make a nice episode for the radio as well!
...
Do you have the meta key?
The meta what?
Go to Edward, after talking to him he should hand you a letter, this is how it should go down! You know, from Mr. M.
You know about a key?
I can't tell you everything right now but I need you to trust me. Give me the meta key.
I can't.
Unless you don't trust me we can continue this discussion any further. Give me the meta key, then we can talk.
Good. The interview should by out by next year, be sure to check it out! Now meet me in 300bc at the caldera at the mountain. You will see there a drawing on the wall. Your chip should take you to 300 bc.
So you are a time traveler.
No more talking let's meet there!
Everything clear?