Friends... We are going back to Manhofer, 1984. Stopping the time machine from being built.
I wanted to thank you all for having played a part in this adventure. If everything succeeds, we will spend the rest of our lives, potentially in hiding for ever.
Edward, it all goes full circle, even for you now. You won't need to be hiding.
If it is true, then we will see what happens.
What does he mean by going full circle?
You will see when it comes to it... Let's go cmon, I'll enter the time target. Oh and take with you what you need, you need to be armed to the teeth and access to the safe house will be gone after this!
I got all I need, let's go!
Alright lemme get in, make sure to arm the car in case we encounter hostiles whilst landing!
Come on let's get going!
Good bye!
Manhofer Main HQ, roof tops. That is our target!
Land on that heli pad with the yellow lights. Then we take on the agents on the roof!
Your car has guns! Take those agents on the roof down. Afterwards land on the heli pad!

So what's the plan?
This is it! I will watch out for the car here. You need to infiltrate the facility, and make your way down into our lab section.
Okay and afterwards?
You will open the silo door, we will destroy this time machine in the gyro prototype.
Wouldn't that leave us stranded?
That is the idea. Don't worry all is going according to plan!
And after that?
After that we will need to destroy the blueprints for the time machine, which is locked in the labs vault! And sabotage the Mach3 prototype.
Hmm... it goes full circle.
Yes. And hopefully this time around, without Crimson or Manhofer having their hands on time travel tech.
Which way should I go?
If you need directions, there is a map next to the ramp of the heli pad! There are two main ways to enter, the main door, shortest route but likely stuffed with intruding agents wouldn't go that way. 
And the other way?
Take the vents, straight ahead to the west. Check the map. Oh before I forget, here is your old access card. You left behind when we had to flee the facility!
You've preserved it all that time?
Of course, and now it goes full circle!
Thanks.
So head to the silo controls in the big test chamber! Should be under that green light! Good luck! 
Alright, I'll be on the move then.
Hurry... there's NO TIME we are a tight schedule, our two earlier counterparts will test the prototype soon!
Paul Clearman? I am running diagnostics on Ring Durability!
Ehhrrhrrr this is the pilot speaking. Ehhhrrrr makin ma landin approach... ehhhrrr...
Hayyyaah... Eh, what is going on here?

Alright, hey Nazono. Paul, get what you need out of the car. Anything you will need afterwards...
Everything I need is out of the car!
Nazono! Please halt the rings real quick!
Strange old man I don't know you! This is not a toy! Who are you! Paul! You bringing old uncle of Edward, Edwin?
Nazono I got no time for this! Stop the rings!
Hmm.
Here, take the remote. Fly the car inside the rings.
Okay Nazono now! Full power! Buddy you can disable the remote now!
Paul get out of the way of the Magnetronator behind us!
Nazono, release the plasma!

Good. We should head into the vault now. And get the artifacts...  Nazono! Watch out for the time machine real quick will you? Don't mind him, he does not remember any of the safe house adventures.
Take this rigged time core. It will blow the time circuits we were testing here...
Hurry my younger self will be soon on his way!
Has it been this long since I've seen this thing.
I will, switch out this old thing... With some jumbled stuff and my favorite cooking recipes... That should do the damage! Then put it safely behind Nazono!
I wonder what that future will look like, that I wrote these plans in. Maybe this will make things right.
Alright let's get moving!
Paul, get what you need out of the car. Anything you will need afterwards...
You can do it! Once the car is inside the rings, the process will begin!
This is it! Hold your horses!
This is not good old man...
We did it... The car is gone.
Now throw in the artifacts!
Old man we get increasing amounts of quantum radiation emminating the horizon!
Oh it can't be...
No!
I'm back!
You think a portal trap can stop me!?
No... Paul take cover. (Silence) I understand now. You are 1984 Mim, this is how you originally escaped my trap!
Edward is that you? Old cranky! Come here to stop me?
Actually I assumed that all versions of you got sent away. Since you caused a major Paradox.
Ah I got no time for your nonsense babbling!
Yeah...
(Sighs) Ouch. That was something... You did it.

Is that bugger gone for good now? This is it then, let's continue.
Just drop the time core close to the ramp. No worries, the generators gravity pull will do the rest.
(Sighs) Goodbye old piece of paper...
Well that's it. Let's bolt it from here...
Edward is that you? So old...
Yeah it's me.
Better no time traveling huh, is this why you came?
Better not...
Good bye then, I will keep it secret!
Thanks, that is if we make it out unnoticed!

Come on we got to bolt it.
Before we go, one more thing.
Yes? What is it?
So what version of Mim was this?
Mim originally arrived with another agent during the 70s. He attempted to capture me, after I escaped the facility in 84. That must have been also when he got to you with the implant! He fell into a time portal during our fight only to reemerge here. So basically his future and past versions are now taken care of!
What will we do after all this?
Go into hiding I guess, though in the long run, two versions of me cannot reside in the same time and space.
What about the equipment I was to save?
Pick it up! I hid a time capsule storage box at the designated exit. In case of an emergency we might reacquire it!
I am right behind you! We need to head back to the access tunnels where the blueprints were stored!

OH BOOGERS!
What... happened. Ueghhh. (Dazed)
Crap. Now it's just me.
Watch your tongue youngster! Wait, aren't you supposed to be also in your lab?
Err yes, go there and meet me!
Okay... I think you need to be somewhere else. Even though I expect you to be at the lab. I am confused, memories of diversions and sabotage...
It will all clear, had this too once.
I am confused, my will is split in two. You need enough time to escape, by breaking the elevator button!
Thanks Edward.
Follow me real quick! Don't worry, old Edward is still here I think.
Take the door to the right, then go left through the door! It will lead you into the training room. Just follow the doors with the exit signs you will make it out!
Take cover! Arrgh!
Come on follow me!
Your items!