WANTED
CAPTURE HIM FOR
$
Bring him to
the barracks master in Cape Dun's fort at the docks to get your reward!
Westwood at the police station in Pine Lake and get your reward!
Hunted for:
MURDER
ROBBING
ABDUCTION 
PUBLIC UNREST
He has been seen hiding in the boat shaped cavern south of park hill!
He has been seen in the Old Forest Cave. South East of Pine Lake!
He is reportedly hiding in Pine Lakes Sewer System!
He has been seen making camp at the swamp north of Pine Lake!
He has been seen highwayrobbing on the mountain road, that leads under the waterfall east of Cape Dun. South side of Mt. Uroruh.
He has been seen making camp north of fort dun, where the ruins are!
He reportetly escaped into the sewers of Cape Dun!
He is reportedly hiding in the sewers of Cape Dun!
He has been seen in the valley under Uroruh Mountain, marked by two rocks peaking out at both sides. SOUTH EAST of this village.
He has last been seen in the high lands to the SOUTH EAST of the meadery.
He has been seen in the high mountains south of Byroad.
Last witnesses tell us of mugging someone with a club!
Watch out! He has a gun!
He reportedly is known for throwing bombs at people!
He reportedly is a kook, throwing random things at people!
COINS!

MISSING
is missing!
Supposedly the person got abducted by the notorious ruffian
. It is advised not to confront him as he is known for violent behavior. If you see this person, contact law enforcement immediately!
The person was last seen about to wander to the nature reserve in the south, wanting to check out the cave systems. Search patrols have come up with nothing, do not bring yourself into danger by entering these caves alone!
He has been reportedly hiding in the air ducts of the Hotel Block!
Apparently he has been last seen fleeing into the tunnels of the fusion core.
Apparently he has been seen on the Maintanence Level where mainstreet once was.
☧!
He is armed with a club!
He is reportedly attacking passersby with a sword!
Last he has been heard of, friends mentioned him trying to explore the sewers.