(Contemplative) Welcome stranger, you have come to join me in watching the end of an age?
(Contemplative) Well met!
Good time to you sir.
What is going on with the sun anyway?
What do you mean? I'ts been that way since I was born. We don't know why but the sun is dying... For a millenium this empire stood and guarded peace and justice on the entire earth.
I have not been around much to see it.
Me neither friend after a century of war not much was left to remind us of this past. But in the archives, where the old town hall stands, you can research entries about this past. Seven hundred years of imperial history. Three hundred years of steady decline and ruin... Where do you come from, stranger? Where are you from stranger?
From far far away...
I travelled through time.
Well stranger I thank you for joining me at the end of time, to see these last moments. 
Time traveller, could it be that the stories are true. Are you Paul Clearman? Friend of my ancestor Edward Athor?
That's me.
I must admit, it is curious that you found out about that story, it is kept well in my families archives, but it could not be you. But thanks for playing the part. This whole story is seen by us Athors as nothing more than a fable.
I can prove it.
Well you do look like Paul Clearman, I give you that. (Thinks) You could bring me an item which would be hard to get. Or better yet bring me with you, I'd like to see the world before the wars. Perhaps 2014.
What should I get you?
I'll take you back with the car!
Go ahead! Bring me an old item that is fabled to give Edward strength through the years. Bardeys Coffee...
Bardeys Coffee? Sure thing!
I'll be waiting. (Chuckles) Get your time travel car ready to pick me up.
So this is the fabled coffee of Bardey? (Slirps) Man I've never had coffee before, interesting taste.
You really never had coffee before?
The cloners first banned all coffee consumption and then created a pathogen which wiped out all caffeine plantations in the world.
Ah...
Well I guess you may have been able to prove that you can suplement a good coffee... Or maybe you are a time traveler, though this would be a very crazy concept.
Indeed.
Let's change the topic. I am weary of old fables... But here is something for your troubles, thank you. I mean it, keep it. What worth is gold these days anyway, am I right? Time traveler... Stay here a while and keep me company if you wish. I am not used to having any visitors lately.
...
////////
Haha... nice replica. You really must be in love with my family history? 
Wow ok something is happening... AAAHHHHH!
(Stumbles) So this is the past! The sun is so bright! GLORIOUS! The air, the nature... inconceivable... Bring me to Edward's Shop. I am ready to meet my ancestors!
(Stumbles) Inconceivable, so this is the past? I would like to see the sun at its former glory if you don't mind... Bring me to Edward's Shop please!
Inconceivable! Ancestor! Could it be?
Err...
It is an honor to meet you.
Tell me you always mentioned in your diaries that you hoped for flying cars. But it seems there enough here, so what was that about?
Is it true that you visited space in through a dimension gate? I have studied your historical records thoroughly!
Friend, who is this champ?
Friend have you totally lost your marbles now? Did you just bring someone from my family heirs into the past?
I am the last Athor!
You do seem familiar.
You do seem familiar, though Idk what you are calling yourself last Athor for.
(Joyful) I am... just a long far of relative. But it is a joy to meet you in person.
If you have any doubts about yourself trust me, your future will be bright. For you at least...
I am fine... just being a humble inventor and electronics expert! (Smiles).
And is this that time after you defeated that space dwar...?
(Breaks off Ewald) Alright! It is nice meeting you man. (Turns to you and looks disapproving).
(Turns to you) Well thank you for bringing me along, I am ready to get back to the far future!
Thanks, here take this, it is a family heirloom, I don't have anyone to pass it down to so let's make it go full circle. 
///
Well? What are you waiting for? Go get your replica time machine! Hahaha.
Thank you!
(Sighs) ... At long last after the death of the emperor, it seems that finally even the universe decides to go to the grave.
This will be not the end.
What do you mean?
Maybe it is just the start of a new beginning.
That is the right way to think about it. And maybe you are right, maybe great things no man has seen or heard wait beyond this end.
Yeah.
Hey, if you wish stay here a while, I enjoy the occasional company of people around. Use my observatory if you wish.
Huh what's that? A burger to go? Man, now I really do experience the past... thanks! I'll enjoy it later! Here take this in turn! Now let's get back to the present!
Alright the chronometer displays that we are in the right time, pilot! Land on that circular platform back at my home base.