(Solemn) Hmm, hey man also new to the city?
Yeah... it's big.
Well nothing if you compare it to New Archos actually. That's where I am from.
What took you here?
Honestly, I don't even know. My original goal was to send my book to the archives here. The biggest one on the entire antillean sea! Well it got rejected.
Sorry to hear that!
Did they give you a reason?
Yeah, it was all about "formalities" and the way it was written.
So what do you do now?
Well my second goal was to find a special relic. So far no luck either... What a bust.
What is that?
Before the war, there was this special drink called a soda perfect.
You are looking for a soda perfect?
Now the original bottles were made in St. André, but given that city is essentially a heap of ashes and both the soda perfect factory and museum got melted into glass. There is nothing left. That was the last place that had an original soda perfect product cryo stored in the museums vault.
So simply a soda perfect?
Not any soda perfect, it should be easy to find a glass bottle from before the war, but I am looking for the original, filled and sealed.
The original recipe, plain cola?
No.
The 80s bottle version?
No...
So how far back are you looking?
The 1880s.
That one would be hard to come by.
Yeah and one with soda perfect in it still.
I will see what I can do!
Really? Good luck! Unlikely youcould find it here in Pine City. Ah well... (Smiles). 
So any news on that soda perfect from the 1880s?
Why would you care if it is filled and sealed?
I was just interested in tasting the first recipe. I actually found the 2010s version during my travels, the renewed recipe was... not as I expected.
Well this is definitely the bottle but it's already a broken seal. Here take some thalers for your work!
This is a Soda Perfect, but one of the newer bottles. But here, take this for your work!
What?! How! Are you sure this one is not fake? No it must be real! HOW!
Well, I time traveled into the past!
I had gone where no modern man had dared before!
Haha! You really must have done that to find this. Thanks man, you are cool! You know what, here take it. It is just a copy anyway, my history of Soda Perfect! Hope you like it!
Hey man, that stuff tasted interesting. I must say I probably prefer the 1900s recipe to the original one though... hehe.