We got you! Rascal! You are going nowhere!
Haha! You think you are so smart! (Glitches) Sm, sm sm smaarrt!
(Attention) Sir, this one shows no life signs.
He is a hologram! He is back there! Get him!
Boogers, he escaped. Well at least the Safe House is ours again!
Edward what is going on here?
That was not a friend, he is a spy of MIM! In one prior turnout of events he introduced you to MIM, you turned evil somehow. You have to trust me on this.
Oh...
I built this place. It is basically a time bubble. Technically the outside environment around this place could be anywhere, even in the middle of pine lake. No one would notice it because it would be outside of time an space. Time runs always forward in here so you should not worry about running into your past selves... I planned this as a place to store items and rest from my adventures in the time wars.
Oh really.
MIM took control of this place however and he had his spy guarding this place. That is why we had to come in force to take it back!
I guess we are safe now?
For the present perhaps. MIM is hiding somewhere in the ape head cluster! I am actually aware of the star system where his main base of operations is!
Where is MIM?
The system designation is: DU UTU.
DU UTU, so how do we get there?
It is not that easy, his system has a dimension gate which allows us to get there almost instantly, however it is locked and only a select number of systems have gates which are whitelisted!
He has a dimension gate?
Evidently you've already been here and you built the Dimension gate! We will have to find a space gate on his whitelist in order to infiltrate DU UTU! Find a planet which has one of his starmap towers, it also is a data center for all of Mîms agents, with one of them in our hands, we will be able to ask him for the white list!
I need you to construct a Dimension Gate on this end, time is short to explain it all so I had it all written down in the attic of my lab. Go there, get all the blueprints and the DG Notes, build it and get ready! Once you make a stable connection to the ape head cluster, find a planet which has one of his starmap tower, it also is a data center for all of Mîms agents, with one of them in our hands, we will be able to ask him for the white list!
I will do that!
Good! Once you find a lead, head as fast as possible back to me.
Are the planets on the other side of the gate habitable?
Not really, the best planets come as close to habitable as the planet Mars in our solar system! Don't forget to have an EXO suit ready, it should have been one of the blueprints that got lost somewhere around my lab in Pine Lake!
Before I forget! Here is a new blueprint I devised for you! It will allow you to craft a custom time chip from hvds! I have an hvd on set time commands in my basement back in 2014! I believe it should have everything you need!
The HVD blueprint will allow you to craft a custom time chip from hvds! I have an hvd on set time commands in my basement back in 2014! I believe it should have everything you need!
Watch out for yourself!
Taka shut dignu! (Take a break please)
Cucumbuh! (Play some music!)
...Oke.
Ouhkay...