How to I hack the core?
I've placed a new program and updated your plc! This should allow you to hack the cores, which are situated at factories! Afterwards you can command the robots, as to where they should go!
Is there an easy way to overlook my strategy?
You can place a map or holotable on this base, it will display which planets belong to you. However you will have to visit the space stations yourself in order to take over the robots! After that the program should make them attack their own bases and help you along.
Where do I find factories!
Remember the map room planets? The holo tables can be searched for space station types!
How is the state of the war?
and
are under our control.
We are no were near ready! I would not enter ELEEH yet, it might be not safe and you could be blasted out of existence the minute you enter! First we take the battle stations, and the troops will secure the gate entrance in ELEEH for us
The telemetry data from our troops reports to me that ELEEH is now safe to be traversed at the gate! I think we are ready! Choose an attack troop next, out of our companions! We should travel in small numbers. The rest should protect our home base.
Does that mean we will attack now?
Yes, get your gear. Remember to pack in a flashlight, it will be dark in there. And pick the companions, you want to have, I think we should travel small to reduce potential losses, our robot army will do the dirty work. I will not deceive you, it could be dangerous, Mîm is not to be underestimated! Once you got four in your troop report back to me!
Whom should I chose?
Ask our friends, about what they are good at, everybody should bring something good onto the table! After you gathered a troop of four, report back to me!
All is ready. Attack troop is formed!
Alright! Are you ready though? Got all your gear?
Yes. Let's end this...
Your gate seems to be ready, can you do that first?
Well (Shouts) Folks get ready! Go ahead and dial eleeh.
Alright hmmm, this planet seems to have breathable air around the base structure!
We will be now entering the heart of Mîm's kingdom of darkness.
This place is one of Mîms most advanced toys. One giant machine built by machines under his command. It can be destroyed!
He tries to bring his nightmarish world, from whence he came, into ours.
We will stop him.
It has to end tonight... 
God speed friends.
[EXCLAMATION] GOOD LUCK.