Time Manu Hai Flokomoko! Teeshaa fregho fo Eisenbeis Morons un mordor zwagh lofko. Qe ervemerve ghadank! 
Time Manu Hai Flokomoko! Teeshaa fregho fo Eisenbeis Morons un mordor zwagh lofko. Qe ervemerve ghadank! (Greetings Time Human. Friend! You saved us out here from the iron demons and their evil dwarf master! We are forever in your debt!)
(Nod)
Meesa cumatarkaka dum!
Meesa cumatarkaka dum! (We will fight with you!)
---
We are serving you now Time Traveler P.C.
Wait what? Friendly Time Agents?
You deactivated the cores control over our interface. Agent M.I.M. programed it to force us to serve him.
Tell me about Mîm. Who is he actually?
He is an agent of Crimson from a time long gone. One of the original ones. Our implants were made after the blueprints that Mîm brought with him. But now we are finally free of any control.
Does that mean you're good now?
Good? No, we were criminals before. Many of us were murderers, robbers, and gang members of the Crimson Family. Crimson initially offered us freedom and parole from the law enforcement by escaping through time. 
(Joke) Interesting, so you actually were human after all.
You may spare your scoffs. We know who we were. Well, Crimson did not mention us losing our will as a trade off. He said the implants were mandatory for time travel. For years we were without a will, or a thought of our own.
...Well anyway, I got a war to win here.
We got a bone to pick with Crimson now. While at it we will help you take out Mîm.
Sounds good!
Just make sure we don't lose this base again to Mîm, lest you want us fighting against you again.
---
(Looks with shock at small billy) What did you do?! Where did you (exhales and shivers)... get that beast from?!
Oh I converted them cats, they are friendly now!
You did what?!
Those station cores somehow connect to the cats brains.
Are you aware what you've just done?! Small Billy. I had hoped never to see this drenched stinking fat man eater again. I never recovered nightmare of him chasing me through the sewers all those years ago.
Well great, then you have apt opportunity for it now!
Great... (Small Billy purrs)
... I think the cat likes you.
(With fear) There there... nice kitten.
So why you'd call him small billy? It's a big fat cat.
Yeah... well this one here was the smaller one...
Oh...
Hmmf. Nice billy.