Hello kid. I guess the agent was taken care of!
Good to see you kid. How is the time travel business going? I guess the agent is taken care of.
Yeah so it would seem.
Meet me at my office across the town square. I will interrogate this bandit. There may be a reward in it for you.
Westwood! Good to see you!
I guess your adventures have ended well! Well let's take this bandit to my office, so we can interrogate that guy.

This one is clearly a time agent, he had some strange gadgets with him, I may leave them with you later, you'll probably know best what to do with it. Let's interrogate him! I am sure he didn't pull this stunt alone but was left behind.
This guy had some strange stuff with him, he better tell us know where his friends have fled. He could not have done this heist alone.
Let's do this!
Watch...
I can use your help in routing them out. The sheriffs in the city have their hands full with fighting off these lawless wayleighers about!
Well let's go take them out!
Meet me at the stables behind the courthouse building site!
I guess you won't need a horse, given your car, do you?
Do you need a steed? It will be quite a trip?
I won't need one, thanks!
I could use a good steed.
Lemme talk to the stable master real quick.
Here's the plan. You go into their cave and get captured, I will take the moment of suprise and strike them when they least expect it.
You serious?!
(Confident) Trust me, these types are of the capturing type. Now here is the key, I got it from the spoils of the agent we captured. Go in and distract them as long as may be, buy me time to establish a proper ambush.
You did play your part well, thanks for your aid.
...
Now what is it they said about time machines?
I am a traveler from a distant future!
You are from the future you say? (Pauses in thought) Hard to believe, however... I guess we better keep this information from leaking to the public, by the way that also explains that thing (Gives you some small thing) I got it from the agent we caught earlier. It is able to slow time around you, came in handy just now when fighting these fools.
Now I know when Edward once said you fought 20 bandits!
Oh by the way (Gives you some small thing)  I got it from the agent we caught earlier. It is able to slow time around you, came in handy just now when fighting these fools. I am sure you will be able to make better use of it.
Thanks!
Now we gotta find out where they took the gold, this is not the first time a bank was robbed so I believe they have been behind many of these incidents. Search around for clues, while I try to get something out of the general.
You guys started out weak, but you have slackened even more afterwards... 
There lemme get you off these cords.
I guess that was the train.
Yeah... now the treasure's under water!
We should recover what's left of the treasure.
I'll take a look if there's something salvagable!
Alright pal!
Got some of the treasure? Hand them to me, I'll help you carry it to byroad
Everything safe pal.
I got it... Now let's meet at byroad inside the saloon, just on the other side of this ridge! I need something to refresh myself.
Well that was quite an adventure and it wouldn't have ended the same without your help.
Yeah it wouldn't.
Enjoy your drink... oh and hey if I am going to mention you in the report what should I call you?
Bane of the wild west ruffians.
Time sheriff.
UNKNOWN MYSTERIOUS STRANGER.
You have a liking for theatrics do ya? Fair enough friend, I'll have these treasury bags transfered back to the bank. I am sure you earned your place being part Pine Lakes history...
Farewell Clint.
Till next time...
Till next time, oh and give that mad dog Edward my regards.